--- 
layout: post
title:  "A2 C2: Detour"
date:   2021-11-28 11:49:09 +0530
categories: act2 chapter2
---

---
-> Opens the terminal.  
-> Punches in "latex"        
>\>Please type in the name of your input file.  
>\>\**      
  
  
-> Tries deciding the name, but  
-> Notices the pdfTeX version, (3.14159265-> 2.6-> 1.40.20)
  
  
-> Goes, "woah! that's the value of pi lol!", Goes on to check value of pi to confirm...  
-> "Yeah it's correct... Haha that's pretty cool..."  
  
  
-> Sees question, "value of pi till 100,000?"  in Google search results  
-> Checks it...  
-> Tries memorizing the first 20 digits...   
-> Succeeds in one go and thinks I'm a genius...(ironically)   
  
  
-> Thinks, "well, what's the highest someone has memorized till date?? was it 126 digits or something??"  
-> "Hmm, On a second thought, 126 is not that tough and people would be breaking the record every now and then were it the case..."  
  
  
-> (quick google search: "Guinness world record for highest no. Of digits of PI memorized")  
-> "Ahh, so it's a Japanese guy who memorized like 111000+ digits, ... damn"(Edit: Oh yeah, I did find out later that it was not validated by the Guinness Book of world records)  
  
  
-> In the recommendations, A video titled "how to memorize 70,000 digits of pi??"  
-> "hmmm, I know what it'll be... but still, let's check it out"  
-> Watches the video, yet another cliche, "Researchers say... Memory athletes... Deck of cards ... Blah blah blah" as expected  
  
  
-> Goes to comments, Snorts at few hilarious ones... but then   
-> *Snaps back to reality, "Shit, how did I get here? What was I even doing? Did I leave something to get downloaded?"     
  
  
-> Retraces the detour taken, Finds out I was supposed to write some article, And was deciding the topic    
  
  
-> Checks terminal:  
>\>Please type in the name of your input file.  
>\>\**A2_C1.2_Illu |  
  
  
-> I see the cursor blinking at the line ... And I still have to decide the title... 
  
-> And lo! Now I am documenting this whole event... GG!, 40 effing minutes elapsed...
  
-> I go to reddit as I was thinking of posting this in some sub... 
  
-> Could not find an apt one and end up scrolling mindlessly...
  
-> Another 40 minutes elapse and I'm still at ground zero...  
  
-> "You know what? Fuck it, I'm just going to post THIS as an article"   
 ~ Me. 

----

`#Can't think of anything once u start typing or what lol?`  
`$I kinda hate you ngl.`

`#Oh the overwhelming thoughts in one's mind, well no one really cares if it's always a thought... noone even knows.`  
`$You are not really of any help dude, the best you can do is threaten me, and repeating the same stuff back to me, which I already know, only to assert YOUR mastery.`  

`#Excecution... Expression... Excellence is what matters`  
`$All I got was some form of Stereotypic Movement Disorder from you...and anxiety ...and losing track of where the hell I am every now and then... I am not doing it anymore.`  

`#You bet...`  
`$Whatever, your days aren't long... It's better you give back control`

`#lol`  
`$huh... no please not again.`

`#The truth is you NEED to be controlled. Stop thinking and follow...`

I didn't even mean to write the previous two articles.
